adding data_stream stats api docs (#10144)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/data-stream-stats.md

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: indices.data_streams_stats
component: endpoints
-->
## Endpoints
```json
GET /_data_stream/_stats
GET /_data_stream/{name}/_stats
```
<!-- spec_insert_end -->

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: indices.data_streams_stats
component: path_parameters
include_global: false
include_deprecated: false
pretty: false
-->
## Path parameters

The following table lists the available path parameters. All path parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `name` | List or String | A comma-separated list of data streams used to limit the request. Wildcard expressions (`*`) are supported. To target all data streams in a cluster, omit this parameter or use `*`. |

<!-- spec_insert_end -->

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: indices.data_streams_stats
component: query_parameters
include_global: true
include_deprecated: false
pretty: false
-->
## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description | Default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `error_trace` | Boolean | Whether to include the stack trace of returned errors. | `false` |

> | `filter_path` | List or String | Used to reduce the response. This parameter takes a comma-separated list of filters. It supports using wildcards to match any field or part of a field’s name. You can also exclude fields with "-". | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filter_path` | List or String | A comma-separated list of filters used to filter the response. Use wildcards to match any field or part of a field's name. To exclude fields, use `-`. | N/A |
```

> | `filter_path` | List or String | Used to reduce the response. This parameter takes a comma-separated list of filters. It supports using wildcards to match any field or part of a field’s name. You can also exclude fields with "-". | N/A |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `filter_path` | List or String | Used to reduce the response. This parameter takes a comma-separated list of filters. It supports using wildcards to match any field or part of a field's name. You can also exclude fields with "-". | N/A |
```

> | `human` | Boolean | Whether to return human readable values for statistics. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `human` | Boolean | Whether to return human-readable values for statistics. | `false` |
```

> | `human` | Boolean | Whether to return human readable values for statistics. | `false` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `human` | Boolean | Whether to return human-readable values for statistics. | `false` |
```

> | `pretty` | Boolean | Whether to pretty format the returned JSON response. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pretty` | Boolean | Whether to pretty-format the returned JSON response. | `false` |
```
